Our relationship with technology may be built in a variety of ways, roughly a different way for each living person around the planet. This is especially true if you take "technology" in a broader semantic sense (for example, one through which the term may be applied to concepts such as those of language and mechanics). The process in which this occurs also has a variety of determining and influencing factors. Cultural context, socio-economic conditions and educational framework are all examples of factors that deeply and invariably interfere and condition that process.

When it comes to digital technology (understood as that which depends upon, is mediated by, or is otherwise manifested or interfaced through, non-exclusively, electronic devices, information systems or HMNs), this process has happened, for a sizable portion of the population, unfortunately, in a disorganized, inconsequential, unaware and, probably most dangerously of all, unhealthy fashion. As developers who take part directly not only in the organization of that process but also in the establishment of what may be considered the examples by which to carry it out, we feel the need to take responsibility, as it may be proportionately attributed, of attempting to skew it towards a more appropriate, healthier state and pace.

Developers come in all shapes and sizes, with a wide range of background experience, technical knowledge and personal beliefs. At CyberAnima we take pride in being able to, as a group, boast our conviction in principles upheld by few and far between (from our understanding) professionals and supporters of the types of work performed in the areas of science and of trade from which we come. Most of the driving sentiment behind our actions and activities may be found within the "provocations" exemplified bellow.

Why must the individual be essentially left aside by creators and developers that focus their production almost singularly on the satisfaction of the whims of giant corporations and capital hoarders that most likely represent the provision of highest profit margins? Why must the many rely on and submit to legislation mostly written by the few with nearly exclusively the purpose of favoring the fewer? Why must the morality intrinsic to questions that involve the relationship of regular consumers and users of modern technology be generally considered irrelevant or at best accessory in most contexts that include the interests of maintainers of the status quo?

Why must the average consumer of digital goods and services be the least capable of accessing the very data they generate and on which those very digital goods and services depend? Why must common users of modern technological devices be distanced from knowledge of the details of the mechanism on which those devices work and to which they should have the right? Why must individuals for whom accurate, reliable and verified information is of most critical importance often be kept from that immeasurably valuable resource for generally selfish, greedy and manipulative reasons?

These are the questions we at CyberAnima Foundation intend to tackle and to which we hope to provide more satisfactory answers than the ones that may have been proposed already, and they are the considerations that motivate and guide all efforts exerted by and through the Foundation. Though it's a concept that's extremely hard to define and describe (if it may even be said that it's definable and describable at all), the truth is, we believe, an aspiration that can greatly accelerate and secure the progress of the search towards those answers.

Our position is not intentionally "defiant", or in any way hostile to those who may not partake of similar or even tangential world views. On the contrary, it is our deepest conviction that through the search and elaboration of appropriate methods of dealing with such matters, it is inevitable the manifestation of a reality that offers to every one of it's willing participants a degree of harmony that's also undeniably appreciative of all our differences.

CyberAnima is not a company, it's not a club, it's not an entity in and of itself. CyberAnima is an idea, a posture, an attitude. It's an attitude of defiance and intolerance against the illusion that change is granted. It's a posture of resistance and reprieve against a system that's corrupt and corrupting. It's the idea that, including through technology, we can, each one of us individually, and all of us collectively, be better, and make ourselves better. The tools we as a species have made and make, and that we have employed and employ have always been subject to our intentions. Today, when such a paradigm is challenged to unprecedented degree, that reality must be constantly and vehemently asserted, as must our intentions be correctly aligned, preferably towards a goal of mutual, universal benefit, since that goal is not only demonstrably achievable, but also systematically maintainable.

Every line of code we write, watt of electricity we transform and drop of sweat we exude is dedicated to achieving that goal or to helping those who contribute positively to it's realization.

СЧАСТЬЕ ДЛЯ ВСЕХ, ДАРОМ, И ПУСТЬ НИКТО НЕ УЙДЁТ ОБИЖЕННЫЙ!
